[PR-12263][SEO] Meta description for docs pages (#190)
talkable/talkable-docs: source/campaigns/views/notifier_offers_share_via_email.rst

.. _campaigns/views/notifier_offers_share_via_email:
.. include:: /partials/common.rst

.. meta::

>    :description: Send an invite email to a friend showing their special share link. Make the email looks personal — just like it's written for them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Send an invite email to a Friend showing their special share link. Make the email looks personal — just like it’s written for them. 
```
